1. Why do we need a loop? How do you write a basic for loop?

    We need a loop to avoid writting repeated code such that we can
specify how many times a stipulated code block will be run.

    A basic way to write loop is a loop that takes place through index.
For example, we have an array called: const pokemon = ["Charizard", "Pikachu", "Psyduck"].
To print out the individual pokemon in the loop, we can loop through the index of the array.

for (i = 0; i < 3; i++) {
    console.log(pokemon[i]);
}

In this case, we have specify the task to print out each item in Pokemon through its index number.
I have set the loop to loop 3 items based on the array.length.

Additionally, we can use forEach() loop to loop through every item of the array
if the index number is too large to count and we're certain that we want
to loop a code block for all the items in the array.

2. Difference between console.log() and return?

Console.log() will print out the specifiy item within the bracket in the console.
Return will returns a value from the function.
Return will end a function immediately.

For example:

function sum(a,b){
    return total = a + b;
}

If we ask it in the console: console.log(sum(1,2)), the console will reveal 3.

3. What are truthy values? What are falsy values?

This revolves around Boolean, whereas the output is either truth or false.
False can be null, undefined, false, 0, "", NaN. The rest are truthy values.

It serves the function to save a certain state as a variable. For example, 
we can track if a task as isCompleted. It can be saved with either truthy or falsy.

let isCompleted = false;

That means the task isn't completed.

4. How does the internet work?

Computer connecting to each other. It can be client's computer connecting to a server/database.

5. How does a website work? What files are involved?

Accessing the website will be a client sending request to the seerver, and the server feedback a response.

The file included:
A) html: the layout/skeleton 
B) css: the appearance/skin
C) js: the function/ brain

It may also involved database files like SQL or MongoDB and scripting file like php.
